Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least, it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
I beseech anyone who can
stop the march of Chuder's black devils...
D-Don't break up your formation!
Encircle him!
T-They are...
The Band of the Hawk!
They are the Grim Reaper on the
Battlefield, led by the White Hawk, Griffith!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
A Wind of Swords
R-Retreat, retreat!
Y-Your Majesty!
Captain, Captain Guts!
It was amazing, Captain!
You took them in one charge!
That was something else!
Nothing less from the
commander of the Hawks' Raiders!
You're our boss, all right!
You did a good job, too...
Sorry, I got a little carried away.
No need to apologize.
We get to brag about our
commander to everyone else!
He's right!
Now, let's have a drink to celebrate!
Captain Guts!
Big Sister Caska...
Commander Caska!
We need to talk.
Can I have your ear for
minute, Sir Captain Guts?
Hey, start without me.
I'll catch up.
What's going on?
They're going to start arguing again.
It's probably over the
Captain's lone charge into battle.
What did you think you were doing?
About what?
Don't give me that!
Our plan for that last battle was to act
as support for the main force's charge...
...while our companies each cover a
flank and contain the enemy's attack.
Despite your success...
...you ruined our battle plans, charging
alone into the center of the enemy!
Who do you think you are, some hero?
Even though we were lucky this time...
Your self-centered actions could
put all the Hawks in serious danger!
Try to keep your
position in mind sometimes!
I apologize!
I'll be careful in the future.
You always say that!
You're always insincere,
you just repeat the same thing...
You haven't changed at all, not since
you jumped on Griffith three years ago.
All you care about is
swinging your sword in battle.
You don't care at all about your men.
You're just a mad dog!
Say that again...
Say that again if you dare!
Why don't you two calm down now?
Griffith!
Caska, I will give Guts some advice...
Griffith, you're too soft on him.
You go through too much
trouble for him, Sister Caska.
He's Griffith's favorite pet.
You just end up taking all the
blame whenever you confront him.
Well, I'm willing to help
whenever you want to bump him off.
Sorry.
Damn it!
You two fight like cats and dogs.
Yet, you have spent almost
three years in the same band.
I care about them...
In my own way,
I do care about my men.
I'm not who I was in the past.
It takes me back...
...to three years ago.
You were wandering
from battlefield to battlefield.
And we had a duel that
resulted in you joining the Hawks.
That duel was so much fun...
I think of that duel as an ideal contest...
Come on, now.
You will be the
toast of tonight's drinking.
Griffith...
About today's battle...
...I'm sorry.
I drew up my battle plans
with your tendencies in mind.
Not quarreling with some evil design...
Not straying from virtue...
Sacrifice thyself ceaselessly...
This is absolutely unheard of.
Render service for peace and security...
A mercenary being given knighthood...
What on Earth is the King thinking?
By the spirit of the Kingdom of Midland...
But, the Hawks were a great help.
The title of Knight is bestowed upon thee...
Nonsense!
They would be thieves without war.
The title of Knight is bestowed upon thee...
...place thy flesh and heart in heaven.
Separate thyself from falsehood...
Nevertheless, their services on the...
...battlefield are necessary.
Uphold the law, know the subjects...
If we sit back now, we'll disappear.
Be valiant, with due
courtesy and fidelity...
They have no choice but to
acknowledge the Hawks' ability.
Because we have continuously
distinguished ourselves in battle.
Right, Ricket?
It's farewell to the
humble mercenary life...
...we've been publicly
admitted into the regular army.
Watch your tongue if you
know where we are, Corkus.
We're in the middle of a ceremony.
From now on, our behavior
could reflect badly on Griffith.
There is no longer any excuse
to act like boorish mercenaries.
Okay, Okay, I understand,
Commander Caska, Ma'am.
She's tougher than my mom.
What was that?
Hey, we're at a ceremony!
Those commoners...
Wait a minute, he's not here again!
One hundred ninety-five...
One hundred ninety-six...
One hundred ninety-seven...
One hundred ninety-eight...
One hundred ninety-nine...
Two hundred!
Thanks for scouting, Judeau.
So, what's going on at
the enemy's supply base?
Their defense focuses on this
side, so our information was correct.
It's not much of a force, though.
If so, we should try to
outflank them or something.
No...
We attack them from the front.
But that's dangerous!
Our objective is to capture the
enemy supply base as soon as possible.
We could probably reach the
armory swiftly by attacking from behind...
However, we would also draw the
garrison over to the armory if we did that.
In that case, it would take more
time to completely occupy the fort.
I see...
...to thin the fort's guard, we should
attack from the front of the supply base.
Yes.
Additionally...
We'll deal with the
armory as soon as possible.
Be extremely careful after
breaking through the fort's central gate.
So, what's our formation?
First, Guts and Caska's companies
will attract the garrisons' attention.
The main company will ride into
the fort and break through the front.
I got it.
As soon as the preparations are
complete, we'll start the operation.
Oh boy...
Guts will end up
snatching the credit again!
Hey, you want to argue with me?
Caska!
Griffith gave those orders!
We are no longer mercenaries.
Keep that in mind.
Look, if you go off on your own again...
...you will...
Guts!
I'm depending on you, Caska.
Why should I...
...I, the leader of the Blue Whale
Heavy Assault Knights, Sir Adon...
Why do I have to patrol this
miserable supply base and its armory?
Sir, it's because the
Black Ram Heavy Cavalry...
...was crippled, so we were
installed here as a substitute.
Hush!
I know that!
It ill becomes a member of the glorious
Coborlwitz family to engage in this mission.
Damn!
What is it?
Well, I see something...
Hey!
Commander Adon!
It's an enemy raid!
Don't be foolish!
Who on Earth would bother to
attack such a remote supply base?
W-What?
T-This is...
Don't fall back!
You son of a bitch!
C-Commander!
Shit!
He's doing it again!
Hold it, Guts!
Did you forget our duty?
Get out my way!
Guts!
Griffith!
It's a trap!
Turn around!
What?
Retreat!
Retreat?
That can't be!
Hurry up, Corkus!
What the hell?
Take shelter!
That was my special fleeing
technique, Bakuretsu Funsai!
It's been handed down through
the Coborlwitz family for 300 years!
B-But, the fort, our
important supply base is...
Shut up!
Quit yapping!
Now, withdraw the troops!
Is everyone all right?
I'm glad everyone is okay!
It's thanks to Guts.
But really, that
explosion was something else!
All the spoils were destroyed.
It's no big deal.
We were able to achieve our objective
and damage the enemy supply base.
What are you talking about?
You are totally an amateur, kid.
Lay off, I know I'm young!
What's bothering you?
Get to the point, if you
have something to say!
It's not like you to hesitate!
Shut up!
I just...
I just want to say that your
actions in battle today were right.
I just did whatever I
wanted, like always.
It's different!
You were just
desperately trying to protect Griffith.
But I didn't understand that...
So...
I mean...
I'm sorry.
Midland's troops were no match for me,
ants could have staged a better assault!
I completely defeated them.
So, did you confirm that
they were totally destroyed?
Of course I did, General Boscogn!
You buffoon!
They are alive and they
occupy the supply base!
H-How could it be?
Get lost!
Waste no time in undoing
this disgrace to the Empire!
Y-Yes, sir!
Calm down.
Governor Gennon...
The loss of a supply base
changes nothing in the overall war.
However, we must inflict a
crushing defeat on those insects.
Especially the
impertinent Band of the Hawk...
Band of the Hawk?
What's wrong?
Never mind...
Leave it to the Hawks?
Yes, I will trust them with
our next offensive's castle siege.
Excuse me, Your Majesty...
...but can we charge boorish troops like
them with such an important mission?
I agree with him.
My army would lead the
offensive if we were allowed...
Could I count on you?
Do you have perfect
confidence in your ability to win?
My intentions will not change.
Send word to Griffith.
When the preparations are completed,
they will take the field immediately.
Of course!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
In this world...
...there are certain things that
exist beyond human knowledge.
Humans worship such things
as gods, or fear them as devils.
Fear and blood...
Perhaps it is just fate...
...leading one to such things.
Zodd the Immortal
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org